well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
your privacy what was the creepiest part
of the book or the movie 1984 what was
the most disturbing part the lack of
privacy right everything was under
surveillance everything the state knew
everything that you were doing big
brother was watching it's one of those
things that we act like it just can't
happen right now there is a bill
designed to allow the government through
proxies to scan every single message on
the Internet every single one of them
now the way they're trying to avoid
sounding the alarm bells is the bill
doesn't mention doesn't mention the word
encryption and it's not really the
government doing it
it's private companies doing it at the
past of government the way it's set up
is there will be a committee of
unelected unaccountable people headed by
Attorney General Barr who will determine
best practices for online platforms and
if they don't follow those best
practices will they lose all their legal
protections one of the practices is
scanning every message and encryption
dies it's gone it can't exist there's no
way to have client-side scanning or a
backdoor that can't be exploited by
someone else it's not just a tool for
good guys they're packaging it the same
way they package any large infringement
on your rights well it's for the
children won't somebody think of the
children it's being packaged as
something to help exploited kids and I
mean yeah I guess it would I mean that's
true it surely would be it would also
if they had a camera in every building
in the United States and the government
could watch it that would help them -
how far are you willing to take it and
does that justify every message you send
being scanned by the government or its
proxies this is an incredibly intrusive
step and it is an incredibly large step
- all of those science fiction dystopias
that we read about the Attorney General
and the United States government in
general have made it very clear they
want Total Information Awareness they
want to know everything they want that
surveillance state that is the plot of
so many science fiction novels and
they're taking a huge step - to get it
right now and it's called the ernit Act
it has bipartisan support Lindsey Graham
is the Republican and Blumenthal don't
send hate mail to him you know based on
that you might want to check that first
I think it's Blumenthal on the
Democratic side those are the people
seeking it with that kind of support
it's likely that this is gonna get
traction if people don't start opposing
it now the Electronic Frontier
Foundation has a good article on it I
will put that in a comment section with
everything going on we need to remember
that the government rarely what's a
crisis go without exploiting it and it
looks like they're going to try to do it
in a number of ways I'll keep you up to
date as much as I can
there's been a couple comments about
this with all the kids go at home
because of schools closing it's
incredibly loud outside because there
are open fields and everything near my
house where they are all congregating
play so that's why I'm recording inside
a lot right now we've got to really
determine what kind of society we want
do you want the agencies that have
bungled this current crisis so much to
have access to every single message that
you sent are you ready for Big Brother
anyway it's just a thought y'all haven't
deny